doc: Migration from Dockerhub to GitHub packages (#6910) (#13)
opencrvs/documentation: v1.8.0/setup/3.-installation/3.3-set-up-a-server-hosted-environment/3.3.6-deploy-automated-and-manual/4.3.6.1-running-a-deployment.md

a) You will be required to select the base Git branch and environment that you wish to deploy to.

> b) You will be required to enter the OpenCRVS Core image tag. Please refer to the [OpenCRVS Core release](https://github.com/opencrvs/opencrvs-core/releases) for choice. Usually this will be an official release: E.G. **v1.7.0**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
b) You will be required to enter the OpenCRVS Core image tag. Please refer to the [OpenCRVS Core releases -page](https://github.com/opencrvs/opencrvs-core/releases) for available versions. Usually this will be an official release: e.g. **v1.7.0**
```
